yo gvg are you recording right now I so
these guys are like switches and other
questions for to these guys actually
blazing this flag switch the light
switch but it's like glitching you there
like around the wall I consider that
glitching right when we have sort of an
advantage now because it's you you JVG
Jamie to you should try to go around
them do that should be like your job
just go around them they try to get back
and other spawn and killed ok please
somebody is looking around
we wander you were behind me yo I won't
you say that again
Oh
so what the hell is that crap
you
I think they're playing with good now no
that's what everyone no they're not like
one on the right
I think the man is the only one
glitching dude yellow yellow so I reset
it so everything
finish it the nation and it's obvious
okay I go down all right good job re
lucky ones for now you happen
yeah we probably like oh he's going off
to drill for students all right don't
give you at once you're 14 don't let
your friends d level you how about that
alright sick did you get any like the
most and coaching
and how hard do something